Privacy Policy

Last updated: 18 May 2016


This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for cexalert.com. This privacy policy informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the service. By using out Site, you consent to our privacy policy.

What information do we collect

We collect the information when you fill out the form and submit to us. You may be asked to enter certain personally identifiable information such as email address and your personal interersts such as the currency value you are looking for.

We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site which include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, etc.

In addition, we use the third party service, Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze the website traffice. These services may collect informations such as IP address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.

We never ask for your payment card and bank details.



What do we use your information for

To fulfill your request, e.g. to send an email alert when your target currency value is reached. If you have decided to disable the alert you have setup, you can do so by clicking on the link provided in the confirmation email. 


To improve our website and service.



Do we disclose any information to outside parites ?

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.

We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

Your Control Over Information

You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do so by contacting us via the email address or link given on our email communications.

Do we use Cookies ?

Cookies are small files saved to the user's computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the user's interactions and usage of the website.

We do not use cookies. However, Google Analytics uses cookies to track visitor usage. You can read Google's privacy policy here for further information [ http://www.google.com/privacy.html ]. 


Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We take precautions to protect your information. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Changes To This Privacy Policy

Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.

Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the contact us form in home page or by emailing to contactus@cexalert.com